one rainy day and awkward school I got
new glasses and I thought they were cool
all imported me that's why i said don't
apply she said no ugly myrtle you look
more like cool i went to bathroom on the
second floor what was all I'm thinking
now this is war so I started to bawl and
ready to a song and I heard a boy
talking just outside of the room
yeah oh really
stop making it ties that I I don't know
what happened during that attack my body
seized up everything went black you know
what they say still sucked so that I
came back that we would get away I
thought it over would be every tight end
day till ministry
back to Hogwarts where I am
you're not a girl
here I don't understand you
now making its on top hair
Oh
I
yeah I'm you're really creepy you're not
a girl and you don't belong here I don't
understand you stop speaking in
so as you know
you